Series of smaller fixes and cleanup (#1716)
zeek/spicy: NEWS.rst

.. rubric:: Changed Functionality

- The Spicy compiler has become a bit more strict and is now rejecting

>   some ill-defined code constructs that the old version ended up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  some ill-defined code constructs that previous versions ended up
```

  letting through. Specifically, the following cases will need
  updating in existing code:

    - Identifiers from the (internal) `hilti::` namespace are no
      longer accessible. Usually you can just scope them with

>       `spicy::` instead, and it'll work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      `spicy::` instead.
```

>     - The old compiler didn't always enforce constness as it should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Previous versions did not always enforce constness as it should
```
